When You Eat Celery Every Day For A Week This
May Happen To Your Body
Celery, that crunchy and watery stick vegetable
we only seem to be able to eat with dips.
It’s not everyone’s favorite vegetable,
but it certainly has its health benefits!
In fact, it might just be the most underrated
food at the supermarket.
You’re probably under the false impression
that this vegetable is just water and some
fiber without any nutritional value.
Well, we’re about to change that notion!
Celery actually has a multitude of amazing
health benefits that can not only help improve
your health, but also help improve your life!
This vegetable is actually loaded with significant
amounts of vitamins (A, B, C, K), calcium,
magnesium, and potassium.
But if celery were to have an elevator pitch,
the hook would be its phytonutrients.
These chemicals are used by plants to keep
insects and damaging sun rays away, but the
effects on humans are far more impressive.
Phytonutrients have anti-inflammatory and
antioxidant benefits.
They can enhance the immune system and intracellular
communication, and they can repair DNA damage
that results from toxins.
According to the US Department of Agriculture,
consuming phytonutrients on a regular basis
has had measurable results as an effective
strategy in combating cancer and heart disease.
These long-term health benefits are impressive.
But are there any short-term benefits that
come with eating celery?
Some people have have actually experienced
a multitude of other health benefits by incorporating
celery into their daily diets for only a week!
Before we begin this video, don’t forget
to subscribe to our channel for more daily
tips like this and turn on notifications so
you never miss our new videos!
Now, here is what can happen to your body
if you eat celery every day for a week!
1.
Weight loss.
Celery is low in calories (one stack is only
10-15 calories) and its fiber content of 1.6
grams per cup can put a stop to unhealthy
cravings.
Losing weight requires a caloric deficit.
This means that you have to burn more calories
than you are eating every day in order to
lose weight.
Because celery is so low in calories, it’s
a great snack alternative to add into any
diet.
Instead of munching out on crunchy, calorie
heavy chips, substitute them with celery!
This way, you can avoid going over your daily
calorie limit.
Eating fewer calories will help you lose weight,
so add celery to your diet and reap the rewards!
2.
Higher levels of hydration.
Because celery is 95 percent water, it’s
a great way to prevent dehydration when you
make it a frequent snack throughout the day.
There are all sorts of health benefits associated
with being hydrated.
This includes increased energy, improved complexion,
a healthier immune system, and more!
Stock up on that celery to keep yourself hydrated
(and drink your daily 8 cups of water a day,
of course).
3.
Anti-inflammatory.
If you’re at risk for cardiovascular disease
and cancer, adding celery to your diet can
help you prevent chronic inflammation (which
is a condition that’s closely related to
those diseases).
4.
It can stop heartburn and acid reflux.
Celery has been recommended as a solution
for these conditions because of its low acidity.
While more studies need to be done to confirm
the effects of celery on heartburn and acid
reflux, some people who tried it have reported
positive results in the past.
5.
It improves cholesterol and blood pressure
levels.
A study by the University of Chicago found
that a chemical found in celery called phthalide
reduced cholesterol levels by 7 percent and
blood pressure by 18 percent.
6.
It improves digestion.
People who suffer from stomach problems and
constipation know the importance of including
fiber in their diet.
Celery’s fiber content can help keep your
bowel movements healthy, among other things.
If you’re not impressed yet, keep watching!
There are some more pretty surprising health
benefits that celery has that may shock you.
Keep watching to find out what they are!
7.
It can reduce the risk of diseases related
to the stomach lining.
Studies have found that the antioxidants in
celery can reduce gastric ulcers and the risk
of gastritis.
8 .It might be an aphrodisiac.
Celery contains a high level of the male pheromones,
androstenone, and androstenol.
Some people believe that eating celery can
increase the perceived level of attractiveness
of the men who consume it.
The more you know!
9.
It can keep your eyes healthy.
Vitamin A, one of the main vitamins found
in celery, is known as a vitamin capable of
protecting the cornea.
This vitamin is also effective in treating
dry eyes.
Goodbye, dry eyes!
10.
It has a soothing effect.
The magnesium in celery is known to have a
relaxing effect in the nervous system.
In fact, Hippocrates, the father of medicine,
once wrote that celery should be used to calm
the nerves and for falling asleep.
It’s also been historically used to treat
disorders related to the nervous system.
If you tend to be stressed all the time, try
adding celery to your diet.
You may just find that eating more celery
helps soothe and calm your nerves!
11.
It can regulate the alkaline balance of your
body.
Because of its low acidity, celery can help
you stabilize the PH levels in your body and
stop acidic buildup.
12.
Mosquito repellant.
You’ve probably heard your own grandmother
preach about celery as a mosquito repellant.
Studies have now shown that celery oil extract
rubbed on the skin works effectively as a
mosquito repellant.
If you’re one of those people who is prone
to getting mosquito bites, try eating more
celery.
You’ll thank us later.
13.
UTI treatment.
In some places around the world, celery is
a common and effective way to treat UTIs.
Celery has a diuretic effect, so it helps
you expel water without losing too much potassium.
14.
It can boost male fertility.
In combination with Vitamin E, celery has
been found to increase a man’s sperm count.
Aldosterone, the male hormone we discussed
earlier as having aphrodisiac properties,
also creates a healthy environment for sperm
to mature.
Now that you know celery is more than a snack
full of water and some fiber, try including
it in your daily diet!
You might just be able to see results within
just a week of doing it.
Incorporating celery into a healthy diet full
of nutrients is a great way to improve your
overall health.
In addition to maintaining a healthy diet,
be sure to incorporate exercise into your
daily lifestyle.
A healthy body is a healthy mind, and a few
simple lifestyle changes can do wonders in
improving your overall life.
If you notice any health issues or have questions
about your health, be sure to contact your
doctor, who can get you on the right track
to changing your lifestyle and improving your
overall health.
Always be sure to consult with your doctor
first before making any lifestyle or diet
changes to make sure you are doing it the
right way.
If you are elderly or have any current health
conditions, you may also want to speak to
your doctor to ensure you are not putting
your health at risk.
In addition to adding celery to your daily
diet, be sure to add other vegetables and
nutrient-rich foods into your diet.
Try avoiding high-calorie or high-fat foods,
and try to avoid overeating sugar.
If you want to lose weight, cut these types
of foods out of your diet and incorporate
healthy foods while maintaining a good exercise
regimen.
You’ll be living a healthier life in no
time!
Do you like to eat celery?
What are some veggies that you like to incorporate
into your daily diet?
Let us know in the comments section below!
Enjoyed this video?
Hit the like button and subscribe to our channel
for more videos like this!
Thanks for watching!